What Does CSS Do?
CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) plays a crucial role in enhancing the visual appeal and functionality of your website. 
By adding styles like colors, font sizes, background colors, and more, CSS not only makes your website more aesthetically pleasing but 
also improves the overall user experience.

CSS is essential for positioning elements on a web page, providing developers with precise control over layout and design. 
Techniques like static, relative, absolute, and fixed positioning allow for exact placement of elements, enabling the creation of 
visually appealing and functional designs. Proper positioning ensures that content is both accessible and intuitive for users, 
making navigation smoother and more enjoyable.

How to Add Styles
You can add styles directly within your HTML using the style attribute. For example:
<h1 style="color: red; background-color: green;">Hi there</h1>

Common Styling Attributes
These fundamental CSS attributes give developers control over the appearance and layout of elements. 
They help define colors, spacing, borders, and shadows to create a more engaging design.

color – Specifies the color of text
background – Sets the background color of an element
border-radius – Rounds the corners of an element
border – Defines the border around an element
padding / margin – Controls spacing inside and outside elements
box-shadow – Adds a shadow effect to an element

How to Position Elements?
1. Float Property
The float property allows you to position an element within its parent container. You can use values like left, right, top, and bottom to control the element's position, 
helping you achieve complex layouts.

2. Flexbox
Flexbox (short for "Flexible Box Layout") is a layout model in CSS that allows you to design complex layouts with ease. It is particularly useful for aligning and distributing space among elements inside a container, 
even when their size is unknown or dynamic. Flexbox makes it simple to create responsive and flexible layouts without needing to use floats or positioning hacks.

To use Flexbox, you apply the display: flex property to the parent container. This activates the flex container behavior, and the direct children of the container automatically become flex items.

The justify-content property defines how child elements are aligned along the main axis of the container. Some of its key values include:
flex-start: Aligns items to the start of the container (default).
flex-end: Aligns items to the end of the container.
center: Centers the items within the container.
space-between: Distributes the items evenly with the first item at the start and the last item at the end.
space-around: Distributes items with equal space around them.
space-evenly: Distributes items with equal space between them, including the edges of the container.